# KnowledgeConsolidation

The repository contains source code and a steps by steps guide to get consolidated knowledge in Ripple Down Rules format. The repository containes two main foder structued  and unstructeud dealing with structured knoweldge acquistion and unstructued knowledge acquistion respectively.

# Structured Knowledge Acquistion

For structued knowledge acquisition we used Rapid Miner white box models (DT, J48, PART, and RIPPER )  to acquired knowledge. The knoweldge acquried for all three datasets used in our study are given in "SSM_DS Extracted Rules Raw", "PID-DS Extracted Rules Raw", and "CHD-DS Extracted Rules Raw" directories, respectively. The acquired knowledge/rules are transform into executable format presetned in "SSMDSRule.py", "PIDDSRules.py", and "CHDDSRules.py", respectively. These rules are initally used to evlaute the indivitual models performance, and later for knowledge combination, and consolidation. 

# unstructured Knowledge Acquistion
This directory contains the implementation of unstructured kwnowledge acquistion as shown in "ruleExtractor.py" file. It extracts rules from medical textual resrouces. Taking medical text as input, it use existing text preprocessing techniques, to divide text to sentence and tokens. Using Standform POS taggers, it tags each sentence tokens with their corresponding Part of Speech (POS) tag.  This POS tagging is used to extracted triples of the form <Noun, Verb, Noun> from each sentene. The extracted triples are filtered by removed duplicate tripels. The filter tripels are evlauted for bing medical or non-medical triples. To class a triple as medical or non-medical we utalized Unified medical lanague system (UMLS) semantic type. The trems symantic types are fetch via a code in "termSemanticType.py" file. Please note that to use UMLS service, use need to have valid UMLS Profile Key. To reproduce the results please provide your UMLS key in the file "termSemanticType.py". All non-medical tripels are filtered out. A triple have one or more terms sematic type as "NONE" is considered as non-medical triple.
